# Proof-of-Machine-Learning
(POML)Proof of Machine Learning will change the way people interact with computers forever and make a lot of people money. This is the first known Proof of Machine Learning concept on Github or any other website on the internet. This concept will allow people to gain income from Machine Learning and if you contribute to the begining of this project by buying POML cryptocurrency that you can access in the Main Branch of this program you will be on your way to owning the beginning of this concept as anybody who owns a POML will own a piece of the concept and eventually governance POML will be distributed to govern the distribution of POML from Machine Learning and govern the Machine Learning technology that is absorbed and accessible to holders and users of this program. The project will currently be using POS cryptocurrencies such as Graph and Mint.Club(which you can currently buy POML of) and OpenAI technology that will allow users to interact with Machine Learning programs and then distribute POML for Machine Learning to prove Machine Learning and account for the Machine Learning Technology. The project currently needs developers who want to learn Machine Learning and developers experienced developing  Machine Learning programs. This project is created by Lilmohawk and the goals and programs are currently under development under the direction of Lilmohawk who created the conecept and has a creative commons license for this project from Github. If you would like to help with the devolopment and recieve POML for any contribution to the goals of this project please contact Lilmohawk through this Github project or at 2ndmillenniumsun@gmail.com. If you would like to finacially contribute to this project you can buy POML cryptocurrency from the link in the main branch or contact Lilmohawk at 2ndmillenniumsun@gmail.com.
-
The main goal of this project is to distribute POML cryptocurrency everytime a Machine Learning program or bot learns something under the command of a user and/or while interacting with a user. Again this is the only cyrptocurrency concept of its kind and therefore the first Proof of Machine Learning cryptocurrency. 
This is the first funding round for the only know idea for a Proof of Machine Learning cryptocurrency that will disrupt and change the market of cryptocurrency forever probably more then Bitcoin and Etherium combined. Github creative commons license give the rights to this idea to the content provider which is I as Lilmohawk4000. The completed program will feature a Machine Learning program that rewards users in tokens for interacting with AI(bot) that can be used for trading or any purpose. This will also have a governance token that is rewarded when universal tasks are created by bot and AI and the governance token will be given to any person that uses the program therefore the holders of governance token will have a say in what is Universal Proof of Machine Learning abilities of program. Also in this round we will have a token given to as reward to anybody who helps complete the goals of this project idea. Goals of this project will be outlined when the token is created of using Githubs tokens Kudos or Gitcoin and may also be other cryptocurreny that reward for contribution to the goals of this project and may be guaranteed by project goals and community governance. This is not a proof of work project and should not be associated with any proof of work project. This is a Proof of Machine Learning project and coins will be created by a Machine after the Machine completes a particular command from a user and may or may not use current cryptographic technology. This technology should be easy to implement with the OpenAI commands that create coding. 
